risky shut the up concentrate
we got moving Thank You sorry front
window I'm taking the shot good job your
sides
clean up aisle three
oh yeah all right who's gonna get this
round the arrests today of a major
cartel leader has led to a seizure of
hundreds of millions of dollars McNeely
wake up you're drunk
oh my god I got to ask you a few
questions
ten million dollars is missing from your
hotel bust did you steal it
no and you for asking two murders
of DEA agents have happened on my watch
the cartel thinks you stole more money
[Music]
sweetheart you're so in over your
head the only way to stop the
cartel is to find out who stole what
money
it couldn't be someone on my team one of
my own people
it's you or it's grinder or sugar or my
dear loving husband crazy
Fred's getting smoked the cartels got
your wife and kid
I'm sorry del Jones have gum for you
destroy them
I'm here to make a restaurant
you